rich demure with Sina TV on a
potentially very sad day you see it's
the day I'm giving up my motorola cue
for a phone you might have heard of the
iPhone so I'm gonna activate it right
now for the very first time and take you
along in the process iTunes has
recognized my iphone it's now in the
device list so the first screen I get
welcome to your new iPhone let's get
started activate your phone with AT&T
register and get an iTunes Store account
which in case you don't have one
put your contacts music and more on your
iPhone I'm gonna press Continue are you
a new or existing AT&T formerly known as
singular customer I am a new AT&T
Wireless customer probably like many
people buying the iPhone alright
transfer your existing mobile number no
I don't have one
continue alright select your plan I am
gonna start out with the low-priced
59.99 plan give an Apple ID and turn it
in here please wait while Apple
authenticates you that happened quick
now it's asking for my date of birth you
must be 18 years old now here's the
interesting part you do need to put in
your social security number which is a
little weird for some people going
through iTunes but it's a standard
credit application for a cell phone so
not too big of a deal and there is a
little lock on the side above the AT&T
logo so you know that this is a secure
site okay except the iPhone Terms &
Conditions we'll pretend I read at all
now here's the ATT service agreement the
early termination fee is a hundred and
seventy five dollars here's all my
information I have my billing address my
plan my one-time activation fee of $36
ATT is processing my activation this
could take up to three minutes hope I'm
approved looks like something's
happening congratulations ATT is
activating your iPhone and I have my new
mobile phone number and my iPhone has
now lit up it is activating my AT&T
service to set up and sync this phone
press Continue name my iPhone I'm going
to say Rich's I
automatically sync contacts calendars
email accounts and bookmarks let's do it
okay so now you're presented with the
standard sync screen and you have all of
your options to sync everything now
because this is only 8 gigabytes I'm
gonna have to really be choosy about
what I put on my iPhone it's not gonna
hold everything in my iTunes library I
just realized something they didn't ask
for my credit card information while I
was signing up so they must already have
my credit card stored for my iTunes
account which is really interesting
maybe they'll send me a bill maybe I
won't get one so right now I have 7.2 3
gigs available on my iPhone and it's
gonna start syncing everything it's
gonna take a little bit of time so I'll
come back when it's all done
it's been 25 minutes and my iPhone is
now synced up it says iPhone sync is
complete so I have two gigs of audio 2.3
gigs of video 200 megabytes of photos
and still two and a half gigs of free
space left of course I didn't put
everything on there just yet but that's
it my iPhone sync is complete disconnect
it for the first time ever there we go
and it says iPhone is activated I'm
gonna take off the plastic the first
time that's it there it is
iPhone ready to go pretty simple
activation process all done in the
comfort of your home very fast now I
just have to wait for the bill to come
in the mail I'm rich tomorrow with CNN
TV hope you enjoy